
Priorities: 1 - 10 	( 10 is the most important - should have been already done, slacker )


1 - Move window creation data to Lua
Done 6 - Add circle support to the game	-> Structure, collision, operators, ..
4 - Add arrow selector to main menu so you can select buttons by arrow keys
7 - Fix the problem with map switching and keeping all enemies, objects and projectiles ( should be freezed )
6 - Fix adding more lua functions of the same type to the same entity ( only one is possible atm )
8 - Add rarity roll for object with spawn rarity
Done 8 - Set rounded position ( int ) for CDimensional 	-> Used mainly by GUI
7 - Fix problem with creating new tooltip and immediately destroying it on item auto-equip  
2 - Add return bool value to reverseWindowShown/Active
5 - Flexible tile size ( loaded from Lua file )
4 - Clean function for creating button from lua table inside interface ( there is a weird order of things )
8 - Fix removing lua functions inside abiltiy manager ( crashes on removing functions by ability - constructor )
7 - Add class for storing color and color modulation ( Maybe add some system that will allow it to store multiple colors and modulate through them based on some velocity? ) , ( could be used by sprite wrapper as well )
Done 10 - Remove tiles from CEntity, handle collision detection inside map itself ( map will find tiles near entity by indexing entity's position )
Done 6 - Change loading sf::Vector2f from lua table inside Utility so it will load it from table on its own under specific name and give it option to load it with/out keys ( x, y )
7 - Magic find
6 - Think about idea of managing adjustable size for sprite wrapper ( could be somehow relative to parents size - scale based ? )
Done 10 - Rewrite code for Gui element active and shown. Active should be still shown
4 - Figure out a new way of collision detection. Current one sometime glitches out and sets wrong position
6 - Clean up EntitySystem::AttackTarget function

10 - Level start messages ( some automatic system is needed )
		
7 - Setup a way to spawn particles only
7 - Setup a way to spawn particles on projectiles despawn without the need of making new lua function

3 - Test performance for Z-Buffer rendering - There is if statement for entity being in the window ( check if it actully helps )

3 - Rewrite gui elements -> Button releated should be derived ( too much copy pasting )

5 - Utility : Add toValueFromLua and valueFromLua		( first accepts reference, second returns result )

8 - Add support for adujsting sprite/text wrappers directly ( element LUD + wrapper ID ) -> Pos, size, clip, etc. 

Camera note:
	- Zoom in/out
		
Collision detection note:
	- Consider call-back function after collision happened ( colliding entity/ies as arg )
		
Fix collision detection inbetween solid objects ( ie. tiles, etc. )
	- Whenever collision happends instead of immidiet position adjustment, look of position that would be used is free.
	- In case the position is not free, use some algorithm based on increasing raidius to find free position.
	- Don't forget to prevent looking for position outside the map
		
		
		
New map generation notes:

	- Let the generator to handle spawning objects
		
		
Inventory notes:
	
	- White texture for item rarity border -> Recolored in code 
	
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		